Now that we're here, we're in a good space to finish up our feature in order to get our restaurant
info card in a good spot to put in a list.
And so for that, the first thing we need to do is we need to edit the font size, because the font
size for the title needs to be a bit bigger than it already is.
And so we'll take our props and we'll say props that theme, that font sizes dot body, because that
is the size that we need.
And then on top of that, what we'll do is we'll take the speccing off of the title.
Let's take it off of the title.
But we want to put something around the title that's going to be the wrapper.
So let's put something like info around it.
And let's do a style view.
Contact info equals styled thought view.
And let's put in here the padding that we had originally said.
And so with that now inside of title, we can also add address.
So let's do address and then let's put an address here.
OK, so now that we have address, well, we need to make sure that we have an address type, so that's
also going to be of type text.
And so this one is going to be.
I changed the title to font type heading because I felt that that was more appropriate since the title
is of type header and so heading is going to be a lotto.
And so for the address, we're going to use body.
So we're going to use body for this one.
And we're also going to use the font size body.
Right.
Actually, maybe we'll use caption, let's use caption that feels more appropriate.
It's a bit smaller.
So some restaurant at one hundred random street.
All right, we're looking in really good shape, but the next thing we have to put on here is the rating
and the icons.
So let's take a look at how we're going to achieve that.